So, now let's talk about billing and costing tools
and you have to know them all for the exam
although they can be a little boring.
So, first one is to estimate cost in the cloud.
For this, we have the pricing calculator
and it will have its own lecture, of course.
The second category is to track cost in the cloud.
For this, we have the billing dashboard,
the cost allocation tags, the cost and usage report,
as well as Cost Explorer.
And, finally, you can monitor, again, costs plan.
For this, we have billing alarms and budgets.
So, as you can see, we have a lot of services to know.
But, by the end, you will know them all
and you'll be confident to choose the right one at the exam.
I hope you're excited
and I will see you in the next lecture.